React (#23)
MemePlexPics/memeplex: README.md

- Run `docker compose up -d` to start docker services
- Run `node ./scripts/create-index.js` to create an ElasticSearch index
- Run `node ./scripts/create-tables.js` to create MySQL tables

> - Run `npm run build` to build a frontend static

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `npm run build` to build the frontend static files.
```
